chore: format code with google java style guide (#46)
nervosnetwork/ckb-sdk-java: README.md

gradle shadowJar  // ./gradlew shadowJar 
```
You will get `console-{version}-all.jar` from console module. 

### How to Develop

We use [Google Java Code Format](https://google.github.io/styleguide/javaguide.html#s4.5-line-wrapping) and [google checkstyle](https://github.com/checkstyle/checkstyle/blob/master/src/main/resources/google_checks.xml) to develop.

> If `verifyGoogleJavaFormat FAILED` happens when you build this project, please reformat your code with [Google Java Code Format](https://google.github.io/styleguide/javaguide.html#s4.5-line-wrapping) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `verifyGoogleJavaFormat FAILED` happens when you build this project, please format your code with [Google Java Code Format](https://google.github.io/styleguide/javaguide.html#s4.5-line-wrapping) 
```

> or execute `./gradlew goJF` in mac and linux or `gradlew goJF` in windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or execute `./gradlew goJF` on macOS and Linux,  or `gradlew goJF` on Windows.
```

> If you use IntelliJ IDEA to develop, you can install `google-java-format` plugin to reformat code automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use IntelliJ IDEA to develop, you can install `google-java-format` plugin to format code automatically.
```
